
Connect color editor to setColor(N,N,N) in code:
  -- Double clicking within "setColor(N,N,N)" should
     highlight the N,N,N and bring up the color editor.
  -- Changes to the color sliders should continually
     update the text of the code, forcing a reparse
     with every update.
  -- Remember that the new overlayRegion needs to 
     be made visible through every parse.

After the above, go on to implement a curve editor widget.

cmd-z (undo) should work for both client views!!!

Add option to print error messages.

Add ESCAPE and QUIT to menu.

If creating Image, then need to layout all
Blocks as if they are open.  Then piece them
together when it's time to render.

Try rendering each top-level child of Doc into a bit-map image.
  -- this allows scrolling become super-fast.
  -- makes it easy to have miniature "previews" of inner blocks/images.

Mouse-over preview modes for "peeking into" blocks.

In general -- light-weight exploring "what's in here" with the mouse.

"This is what will happen when the mouse is over this word."

Curve editor.

Build images for graphics7 lecture.

Include other files.

When caret goes near top or bottom, start scrolling.

Implement syncing up the left/right scroll.

Make visualization of tree.

Option to display a list of links.

A standard library that doesn't need to be at the top of the doc.

Bird movies.

English grammar.

An Eliza example.

Option to see geometry as axes in renderer.

DONE Add annotation.

DONE Undo

DONE Draw directly onto document.

DONE Correct behavior for shared evals (bubble down to lower block levels).

DONE Move menu to top right.

DONE Help facility for hot keys.

DONE Implement cntrl-f text search through doc.

DONE Fix up the look of block outlines.

DONE Save to a file.

DONE Make sure there are no redundant anchor names.

DONE move code to <include> block.

DONE button shows all choices on mouse-over

DONE music
   name = Instrument.name(int id);
   piano1 = new Instrument("Piano");
   piano1.press(int pitch, double loudness);
   piano1.release(int pitch);
   piano1.play(int pitch, double loudness, double duration);

DONE escape key to force a reload from file

DONE Graphics 3

   multiplying matrices

     -- math to multiply matrices

     -- matrix multiplication is not commutative

   primitives:
      identity
      translate
      rotateX
      rotateY
      rotateZ
      scale

   tree of matrix transformations

   parent / child limbs

     -- implement in class: swinging arm with hand.

   homework

      implement a matrix class.
      demonstrate it.

